children across Gaza are witnessing and
experiencing the threat every day and
since the very beginning of this assault
against the Palestinians thousands of
the children have been killed and many
thousands have been left with a live
changing injuries just
like I was playing in the schoolyard
over here a missile from a drone hit us
I was injured my father was killed the
house was destroyed and my leg was
amputated am lost his leg in an Israeli
stri that targeted abin School in the
center of jaal refug camp but he's now
learning how to adapt the new
life despite his amputated leg my son
Amir never gave up on life he helps me
tidies up his bedding uses the toilet by
himself and plays with his brothers he's
active in our community I don't feel
that he's dependent on any one on the
contrary he's taken care of himself the
boy has a will to live and wants to play
and lead a normal life I wish that he
and I would be able to travel abroad to
get him a prosthetic and allow him to
resume his normal life and walk
again he's learning how to go to school
and helping his family and collecting
the wood and to bring the water he's
also learning how to play with the
friends after he witnessed the hero of
the war
I wanted to be a pilot but now I want to
become a doctor to help injured and sick
people I wish I could play football with
my friends but how can I do that I wish
to ride a bike but how can I do that now
there are many cases just like Amir
children's are the victim of the war and
all of these children here are having
their childhood changing forever
Al nothing go a STP
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer